feat(cli): add history command (#273)
code-pushup/cli: packages/cli/README.md

Refer to the [Common Command Options](#common-command-options) for the list of available options.

#### `history` command

Usage:
`code-pushup history`

Description:

> Run plugins, collect results and upload the report to the Code PushUp portal for a specified amount of the repository history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run plugins, collect results and upload the report to the Code PushUp portal for a specified number of commits.
```

Refer to the [Common Command Options](#common-command-options) for the list of available options.

| Option                   | Type      | Default  | Description                                                      |
| ------------------------ | --------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **`--targetBranch`**     | `string`  | 'main'   | Branch to crawl history.                                         |

> | **`--forceCleanStatus`** | `boolean` | `report` | If we reset the status to a clean git history forcefully or not. |

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing the default of a boolean flag is `true` or `false`, not `report` :sweat_smile:

Author: set to false in options as default and in the docs.

> | **`--maxCount`**         | `number`  | 5        | Number of steps in history.                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **`--maxCount`**         | `number`  | 5        | Number of commits.                                      |
```

| **`--skipUploads`**      | `boolean` | `false`  | Upload created reports                                           |
| **`--from`**             | `string`  | n/a      | Hash to start in history                                         |

> | **`--to`**               | `string`  | n/a      | Hash to end in history                                           |

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be more user friendly to have a default value `HEAD` (current commit)?

Author: I commented on it here:
https://github.com/code-pushup/cli/blob/4f877217698a990e25e3cc83279d9e49f0fa548c/packages/core/src/lib/history.ts#L67-L105

And here:
https://github.com/code-pushup/cli/blob/6a7c7e681a5e97210997d7530997f49e34d767e8/packages/core/src/lib/history.ts#L113-L116

Also the tests would fail because of errors.

> [!NOTE]  

> > If no target branch is set the current branch is used as target branch

Reviewer 2: This appears to be at odds with the options table above, which has `'main'` in its default column.

Author: removed hit
